# Organization Background 
Established in January 2023, Ali's Shawarma Truck has become an integral part of the local food landscape near KIIT University. Renowned for its mouthwatering shawarmas, diverse menu offerings, and personalized service, the truck has garnered a dedicated customer base. Over the years, the business has thrived due to its commitment to quality and innovation. However, there is untapped potential for further growth and optimization, which this project seeks to uncover through a rigorous and systematic data-driven approach.

# Data Preparation and Cleaning 
For the final analysis python, jupyter notebook and other required dependencies were used. The excel file from the midterm submission was split into two separate datasets. The datasets are converted into dataframes using ‘Pandas’. First dataset consisted of the number of units sold per day, it was named number_df. Second dataset consisted of the revenue generated by the sales of shawarma wraps and it was named money_df. This split was preferred because the resulting two datasets required two different sets of calculations and plotting. Both of the datasets were further checked for missing values and cleaned. A fixed cost expenditure is established for each day. The monthly salary of staff, Diesel expenses per month and the price of the gas cylinder per month, price and quantity of chicken per day were inquired from the owner. To get the per day expenses the prices which were available on a monthly basis were divided by 30. Per day expenditure includes : 

 Table - 1 : Establishing Fixed Daily Expenses.
| Expenditure | Amount per Day (in ₹) |
|-------------|------------------------|
| Chicken     | ₹2100                  |
| Diesel      | ₹66.66                 |
| Staff       | ₹666.66                |
| Gas cylinder| ₹60                    |



